number of things in my life we should not happen in a question I wish
I had asked earlier was I wish that as someone in whom I had trust what
are the indicia imminent failure and academic pursuits what should
I look for that tells me now's not the time to continue to pursue
schooling because I stayed with my first two years of college I stayed
with it at least one year to the law and somebody along the line
should of told me don't give up on going to college but you need to
postpone it anti get your head screwed on straight and I never ask
anybody that question and nobody ever offered me that implies and I
basically wasted two years of my life digging a hole that they later
had to fill in a whole lot of effort just give me back up